Welcome to this is MOD(D)ABLE.

In this game you will be a ble to control your own little tribe and help them to thrive and exploit the resources of the little pixelated world they live in.
The game consists of many different entities of diffenent classes. 
Classes have functions of which some can be used by the player to control them or the game as a whole.
So, let us see, how you can control all entities of the game.

The "sys" entity of type "system" is added as soon as you start the game and helps you control the basic structure.

    sys:help()      display this text again in the Console
    sys:nE(class, name, position X, position Y)     create a new Entitiy at a specified position the name can be coosen freely
    sys:newMap()    start a new game
    sys:exit()      exit the game
    sys:setZoom(Zoomlevel)      set the Zoomlevel for the map. The Zoomlevel should be between 1 and 3.
    sys:setPosition(position X, position Y)         set the center position for the map.
    sys:printRes()  show how many resources (food and money) you have.
    sys:saveMap(savename)   save the map as "savename" (does not save entities)
    sys:loadMap(savename)   load the map named "savename"

The "c" entity of type "cursor" is also created as soon as you start the game to help you navigate the map.

    c:sP(position X, position Y)    move the cursor to a specified position
    c:gP()      show the current position of the cursor
    c:fP()      move the cursor to the center position of the map
    c:lE()      list all entities from the cursor radially outward

A single Worker will be created when you sstart the Game.

The "Worker" class has the following commands:

    :mine()     mine the nearest Ore for money
    :GoTo(target X, target Y)       go directly to a target
    :GoToEntity(entitiy name)       follow a specific entity
    :printPosition()    show the current position
    :printHP()  print how many hitpoints the worker has left
    :nE(class, name)    create a new entitiy of the class. It will spawn at the position of the worker.

First, use [Worker]:GoTo() to ffind a nice spot for your first house, then use [Worker]:nE(House, ... ) to create a new house. A house is the place, where your workers and fighters will be trained.

The "House" class has only one command:
    :nE(class, name)    create a new entitiy of the class. It will spawn at the position of the house.

This house you can then use to train a new sword fighter [house]:nE(SwordFighter, ... ). 
You will see, that you do not have enough resources to do so. 
Using sys:printRes() will show you, that you do not have any money. But training a Sword Fighter costs 2 Money.

So, use [Worker]:mine() to mine some Ore and get some money. One ore should be sufficient for training the first Fighter.

The "SwordFighter" and the "BowFighter" classes have the following commands:

    :hunt()     hunt down the nearest wildlife for food
    :GoTo(target X, target Y)       go directly to a target
    :GoToEntity(entitiy name)       hunt a specific entity
    :printPosition()    show the current position
    :printHP()  print how many hitpoints the fighter has left

So, with that out of the way. as soon as you close the input mode, you will see, that the game starts running again.
You can use the "+" and "-" buttons to zoom the map and pan around using the arrow buttons.
Also try using "w,a,s,d" to move the cursor around. You will see two kinds of wildlife. 

"F" stands for Friendly Wildlife. You can hunt them and gather food. 
But be aware of the "E", Enemy Wildlife. If you get too close, they will try to attack you.

Also, see the "#" spawning inside mountains. These are Ores and give you money.

So, you can get into the game now. Have fun.
